1. Why do we need a loop? How do you write a basic for loop?
   When you want to send a birthday party invitation, you send a card to around 10 friends.
   Then actually, the content inside the card is same just friend's name is different.
   Instead of write 10 card, you may need print the birthday card without the friend name, 
   then only write the name on the card.
   For Loop: You may use a printing machine (function) to print 10 card with same content and add the friend's 
             name to the card.
             For example: "Hello (friend name), you are invited to my birthday party!"


2. Difference between console.log() and return?

   console.log() : 
   We are asking the computer to say something out loud so we can hear it. 
   We tell the computer what we want it to say, and then it says it for us. 
   For example, if we write console.log("Hello, world!"), the computer will say "Hello, world!" out loud for us to hear.

   Return: 
   We are giving the computer a piece of information that it can use later. 
   We tell the computer what information we want to give it, 
   and then it remembers that information for later. 
   For example, if we write return 2 + 3, the computer will remember that the answer to 2 + 3 is 5.


3. What are truthy values? What are falsy values?
   Truthy values: Non-zero values, for example 1, 2, 3
   Falsy values: Zero values, example 0


4. How does the internet work?
   The internet is like a really big playground where you can play with your friends who are far away from you.
   When you want to play with your friends, you need to use something called a computer. 
   Your computer talks to your friend's computer using something called the internet. 
   The internet is like a big highway that connects all the computers in the world so they can talk to each other.
   To use the internet, you need to ask your computer to connect to the internet. 
   This is like asking your mom or dad to take you to the playground. 
   Once you're connected to the internet, 
   you can use something called a web browser to visit websites. 
   Websites are like different parts of the playground where you can play different games and do different things.
   When you visit a website, your computer sends a message to another computer that has the website on it. 
   This message asks for the website to be sent back to your computer, 
   kind of like asking your friend to send you a picture of their new toy. 
   When the website is sent back to your computer, you can see it on your screen and play on the playground.
   So, the internet is like a big highway that connects all the computers in the world 
   so they can talk to each other. 
   You use it to visit websites and play with your friends who are far away from you.

5. How does a website work? What files are involved?
   A website is like a big book that you can read on a computer. 
   When you want to read a website, you need to use something called a web browser. 
   Your web browser helps you see the website on your screen, just like a book helps you see words and pictures.
   A website is made up of different files. 
   These files are kind of like different parts of the book.
   Just like a book has chapters and pictures and words, 
   a website has files that make up different parts of the website.

   Files involved are HTML, CSS and Javascript.
   HTML file is like the table of contents of the book. 
   It tells your web browser what the website is about and what other files it needs to load. 
   CSS file like the colors and pictures in the book tells your web browser how the website should look.

   When you want to visit a website, your computer sends a message to another computer that has the website on it. 
   This message asks for the website to be sent back to your computer. 
   When the website is sent back to your computer, 
   your web browser looks at the different files that make up the website 
   and puts them all together on your screen so you can read the website and see the pictures.

   So, a website is like a big book that you can read on a computer. 
   It's made up of different files, like the table of contents and the pictures. 
   When you want to visit a website, your computer asks for the files from another computer 
   and your web browser puts them all together on your screen so you can read the website.
